Base quickstarter (#359)
subquery/documentation: docs/quickstart/quickstart_chains/base.md

# Base (Goerli) Quick Start

## Goals

The goal of this quick start guide is to index the total faucets dripped to users from the [USDC Faucet contract](https://goerli.basescan.org/address/0x298e0b0a38ff8b99bf1a3b697b0efb2195cfe47d) on [Base Goerli Testnet](https://docs.base.org/using-base/).

::: warning
Before we begin, **make sure that you have initialised your project** using the provided steps in the [Start Here](../quickstart.md) section. Please initialise an a Base project.
:::

In every SubQuery project, there are [3 key files](../quickstart.md#_3-make-changes-to-your-project) to update. Let's begin updating them one by one.

::: tip Note

> The final code of this project can be found [here](https://github.com/subquery/ethereum-subql-starter.git). We use Ethereum packages, runtimes, and handlers (e.g. @subql/node-ethereum, ethereum/Runtime, and ethereum/*Handler) for Arbitrum. Since Arbitrum is an EVM-compatible layer-2 scaling solution, we can use the core Ethereum framework to index it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The final code of this project can be found [here](https://github.com/subquery/subquery-example-base-faucet). 

We use Ethereum packages, runtimes, and handlers (e.g. @subql/node-ethereum, ethereum/Runtime, and ethereum/*Handler) for Arbitrum. Since Arbitrum is an EVM-compatible layer-2 scaling solution, we can use the core Ethereum framework to index it.
```

          "value": "1000000000",
          "date": "2023-07-04T22:54:54"
        },
        {
          "id": "0x69c42fddda0b8dc13bd1ddf361f1bd32c19518446b971d10d10d3aa7c725b603",
          "value": "1000000000",
          "date": "2023-07-04T22:54:18"
        },
        {
          "id": "0xc34551128b82b21beb47858ea7bff87abd58eba8e863ea0fb2a1e8220977b8c6",
          "value": "1000000000",
          "date": "2023-07-04T22:53:56"
        },
        {
          "id": "0x58e6e49cf624e809a51f732d95028ad1e4301f00356a47c4999e1df1226ebb48",
          "value": "1000000000",
          "date": "2023-07-04T22:53:22"
        },
        {
          "id": "0x7092884802e5600a844306cb95303a3ee062d4334a01f6c651d29e692cb636d7",
          "value": "1000000000",
          "date": "2023-07-04T22:52:24"
        },
        {
          "id": "0xe72aa8862d92c081275668113696903aafef80e0d40fe918bf0d289c603d906b",
          "value": "1000000000",
          "date": "2023-07-04T22:52:24"
        }
      ]
    },
    "dailyUSDCDrips": {
      "nodes": [
        {
          "id": "2023-07-04",
          "totalValue": "806000000000"
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

::: tip Note

> The final code of this project can be found [here](https://github.com/subquery/ethereum-subql-starter.git).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The final code of this project can be found [here](https://github.com/subquery/subquery-example-base-faucet).
```
